FurryFriends (an Online Pet Finder) Proposal
Developers: Joel Vasallo and Colin Young

	We intend to create a website called FurryFriends to help people find new pets. This topic is a topic of interest for both developers after they spent a long time trying to find an easy to use and straight forward pet finder website. This page will be efficient, simple, and robust while still introducing new functionality. We feel the intended market is going to be the users who are searching for pets near them. At the beginning we will support only cats, dogs, and birds but after much feedback we will add various pets; the pets listed already have many sub-categories to each so it will be hard to ensure we cover all bases. Our site will be able to fill the need to find pets locally, and also quick and efficiently. Many competitors have dated websites or confusing user interfaces. Since there is a low barrier of entry we feel we can emerge onto the market with something dynamic.
	
	While determining if this project would be a viable website, we decided to browse around for a similar Pet Finder website In terms of similar websites we have found Pet Finder (http://www.petfinder.com/) and Adopt-A-Pet (http://adopt-a-pet.adoptapet.com/). Both websites seem to serve their purpose, but their front end design is rather difficult to navigate. We like to argue that simplicity is the new fashion on the internet. Gone are the days of redirecting and navigating, users want their information now and they want it presented elegantly. We feel that we can offer a modernized design, and implement faster front end navigation. We also want to make the “Contact” feature easier as well. No longer do you have to fill multiple forms and send many emails; by creating one account you have access to the entire pet listings. Users who are registered will be able to click a button and instantly contact the poster about their interest in a specific pet.
	
	We have specific requirements for this project to be successful. In terms of a development environment, we will provide that for ourselves. In terms of a production environment, we will use a SQL Server that can run C# code on it. We will use custom CSS and html to make the pages look updated and new to 2013 standards. We will incorporate searching of the database for specific pet records, and we will also validate that users submit proper information during their registration process. We also need to allow the ability for users to register with our application. Since we will be serving clients we need to make sure our design is easy to use and very clean.
	
	In terms of display, the developers can up with two designs for the main page and overall theme in general. After a discussion, the developers decided to merge their pages together to create the mockup you see below. We have place holders for pictures with an “x” through the box. The background is purposely transparent to highlight we will have a dynamic wallpaper that we can change on command. Our mockup: 

If there are any issues with this proposal feel free to contact the developers directly at their contact emails: Joel Vasallo <joelvasallo@gmail.com> and Colin Young <me@colinyoung.com>